you
Oh
music festival Survival Guide tip number
one my friends and I brought 10 gallons
of water and I've gone through two
already today it's just it's really
necessary out here it's 85 degrees might
be the one to say in Athens so far
I would say by the end of the weekend
around five or six thousand people will
have been here we really want to
continue to focus on quality music
quality art there's over like 35 local
and regional art vendors here doing
business this way is so much fun because
you get to just be real personal with
the people and you get to see like who
chooses what this is our fifth year it's
one of our better shows everybody's
really kind and they'd like to spend a
lot of money and they like our food and
we have a great time out here I'm clewis
I just show up listen two steps we just
hope to set up an area for the kids to
come and have a good time this is a
start of our parade of children through
the music festival we're going to be
joined by mucca pazza which is an
awesome marching band who's going to
come down here and lead us on a parade
throughout the festival we've got a
dragon we've got costumes we have a girl
on stilts
we're shovels and rope we're from
Charleston South Carolina and we are
having the blast yet that Nelson
people are here from obviously from
Columbus Ohio and Cleveland and
Cincinnati but there are people here
from California we have someone flying
in from Australia got here a couple
months ago and your been here since
mid-march been good times yeah here
Friday your boo we love it here and
we'll be here every year every year so
we're old and decrepit you know this
morning Andrew Bird was riding his bike
on the bike path and he came through the
main gate on his bicycle and you know
gave one of our volunteers a hug
festivals have this awesome way of just
like totally bringing people together on
another level and it's like you don't
you can walk in here with nothing
nowhere to sleep you know no water no
food no money and you just find people
who help you in your journey and it's
not it's always amazing i love festivals